yeah so I mean you're here so so couple
things that you can audience can pick up
from this is that so first of all we're
here we're just having fun
Marcus got lots of energy he's having
fun on screen here but he's telling you
like in a modestly he friended him on
Facebook in OC stuff that he opposed and
like in real life like in his private
life mark kind of likes to keep you know
little a little quieter little more give
me my space in yet he doesn't have to be
that same person when he's doing his
teacher stuff on YouTube he's able to
get out there he connects with them you
know lots of energy so that's one point
that say the connection in the build a
community like I like I'm more of an
introvert and that's not my thing does
not really marks thing in everyday life
either but for his teaching that he's
doing and I'm not suggesting that he's
thinking it is justice is a different
side of him what he's doing is teaching
stuff so that's one point is that
anybody can do this and then the other
pointed remarks said is that he wasn't
getting out in person he's doing all
this stuff on the internet so it doesn't
really matter where in the world you are
all you needed to interconnect you can
do the same thing I see that jackie was
asked about this later I'm glad you
brought that up because that wasn't that
was your like my mind is that we mention
this idea what's really really really
really really really important and every
single YouTube instructor should be
doing this you just better do this and
thought leadership is the idea of I have
leadership in an idea or an area of
focus or a knowledge and I want to be a
leader in that area of focus and this
applies to everything like
like go outside of programming for
instance think of if you if you had two
courses on you know there's lots of
course as on psychology are helping
people overcome anxiety things like that
imagine if you had a community of 50,000
people who you were helping all the time
on Twitter on Facebook everywhere
giving out thoughts atop knowledge and
news in that area things are helping
people in their lives all the time you
are becoming a thought leader people
respect to the trust you they love you
because you're educating them when you
help somebody become smarter when you
help somebody improve their life you are
becoming a leader and you are helping
people install it is so incredibly
important this is the number one
marketing strategy I have I'm sure why I
know this is a big question do you do
Google ad and by the way I've done every
single ad campaign under the Sun just so
you know but my number one focus right
now on building up my business is
thought leadership which in turn build
up my community and that is me being on
Twitter on Facebook on LinkedIn
even on my website continue posting top
news up for me it's news articles on iOS
development new tricks and tips how to
how to market your apps just built a nap
how do you market it how do you make
money off of that how do you get a job
things that are going to directly impact
you don't just post junk and things like
that those things that are going to
directly improve your audience is life
on the very specific thing that you're
becoming a thought leader in and this is
the reason why I every single day
have recruiters and people asking me to
come work for them it's not because I'm
better than anyone else i'm not i'm not
the most amazing program in the world
but I'm like out there and so people
like we want this guy he's a leader in
his area and you could do with anything
from
how to train your dog or whatever you
can build a community around yourself
and your name so you are the go-to
person for your people when when they
want something to buy from you every
single time because they trust you they
love you and becomes a lot better than
some deals website that selling until
you sell them something they gonna
believe in you thought leader and that's
my number 10 guests with all my money
and time is going to be going for
marketing
very good so that again it's high since
his approach this building community and
connect with the people and as well as
the idea of connecting on an emotional
level what Mark said here is when he
wants to sell something because he built
his community because he's established
himself as a leader
people are going to purchase from him as
opposed to like just looking at some
deals site to buy something but another
reason it they're purchasing from marc
is that they're purchasing from Mark
it smart they know Mark he's connected
with them on an emotional level
got a reason to buy something from him
as opposed to just buying it any old
place I'm gonna go back into the
questions we did have a question from
Ross year and he was asking about the
ability to go beyond 121 relationships
to establish learning groups to scale
your effort and then he also asked about
cross promoting your courses I might get
a little bit of follow up on that ross
and Mark me as well but I think market
talk to the idea about this going beyond
one-to-one relationships and hinted that
a little bit again mark talk a little
bit about how you even though you won't
connect on the emotional level that
connection like how you're able to
utilize your time you leverage your time
or by having so well so there's there's
more to it but this is a video is right
there were making you know you want to
watch over and over so so you know
what's really interesting is how many of
you love watching Jimmy Fallon or think
he's the funniest guy in the world in
like just love him I love listening to
him you know he's a cool guy tonight
show you guys I've ever seen that maybe
United States I don't have a downside
but anyway we loved him and respected
him and we don't even know the guy ok so
if you can
first demonstrate trust in your video
like your connect with them that you
care about people you've already got
that connection with your suit in the
connections there and they're seeing you
on camera the whole time
ok and secondly there's no talking about
11 I'm not sure I'll ever stop doing
that even when I get real big enough to
make provisions and maybe get some ta to
help me and things like that but the
level of one-on-one commitment I'm never
going to get rid of because education
were all involved in education so how
can you educate people without like
really being involved I just feel like
it's harder now I'm not saying that
people can't be educated just from
watching your videos but we're teachers
like let's teach people and that should
never go away
ever and ever get rid of it I will
always provide one-on-one whether it's
near me paying people to help me out
they don't have enough time for it I
believe that the students need that I am
never get rid of that so and the
community help so they help each other
that's all part of it as well to know
that answer the question are not okay so
it's a combination
there's a certain amount of building a
community support each other and at the
same time marketing but like I'm the
teacher in I'm 21 and I want them to
know and I can't really disappear behind
the scenes because I want them to have
that connection with me and so you know
I've got a recognized that I do need to
be out there but the nice thing is that
it gets it gets leverage to gets
multiplied because he is selling digital
products it's not quite the same as if
you're trying to do something one-on-one
coaching or whatever you can only
coached the one person at a time when
you put something into the digital even
when you're doing some of this
one-on-one so when he does it in a form
like this get ur people can see that
he's hoping somebody else out and that
creates a good feeling for them and at
the same time at 11 when somebody asks
the question they're probably not the
only one
and so it probably is about five minutes
away so I don't spend more than five
minutes on any one problem and I never
need more than that but I don't spend
more than that on any questions